a) Is correct. The primary benefit of independence of testing is that testers
are more likely to identify different types of failures and defects
compared to developers, due to their varied backgrounds, technical
viewpoints, and potential biases, including cognitive bias. However, the
main disadvantage of independence of testing is that testers may
become isolated from the development team, leading to communication
problems, a lack of collaboration, and potentially an adversarial
relationship, with testers being blamed for delays and bottlenecks in the
release process
b) Is not correct. A developer’s familiarity with the code does not mean that
they rarely find defects in it, instead this familiarity means they can
efficiently find many defects in their own code. And, rather than
developers and testers having a shared background, developers having
a different background to testers is normally cited as the reason that
testers and developers find different kinds of defects
c) Is not correct. Testing can be performed at different levels of
independence, ranging from no independence for the author to very
high independence for testers from outside the organization. In most
projects, multiple levels of independence are utilized, with developers
performing component testing and component integration testing, the
test team performing system testing and system integration testing, and
business representatives performing acceptance testing. So, testers can
be in the developer’s team and do not need to come from outside the
organization. Knowledge of the application domain will change from
case to case and is not dependent on the level of independence
d) Is not correct. Testing can be performed at different levels of
independence, ranging from no independence for the author to very
high independence for testers from outside the organization, with testers
from outside the developer’s team generally more independent than
testers from within the team. However, there is more reason to believe
that testers from outside the team are likely to be more isolated from the
developers and so are more likely to be blamed for delays in product
release